hey this is on in color onto black and
white now this is quite a good picture
of it takes them a bit fiddly they've
got a picture Sam and Carly of iCarly
obviously this is already on a really
nice background now if we do image mode
and then scale it's obviously back on
way nice anyway I've actually worked out
because if you wanted to put light and a
green why the color is winging it will
come up black online it's on the mode so
we take a print screen which is on the
right by the enter and backspace key you
go on tink document control V for paste
let the little boxtroll just select edit
copy no and then we can get with our
control V mix post mins and anybody can
put the color run right so then say
where we're going to nothing to like and
simple and simple that's not my point
we'll put a little cup just here no
put some text
take that smaller
maybe anger
and then merge all the layers down now
you can do all sorts of things like an
UK to go on if you want into and if it
was a bigger picture you can change the
color of the eyes or the lips or you
know a piece of clothing or something
and you do that I am going around with
the selector tool and then going on to
color balance but yeah